=pod

=encoding utf-8

=for :stopwords Chris Weyl AWS

=head1 NAME

Net::Amazon::Signature::V3 - Sign AWS requests -- V3

=head1 VERSION

This document describes version 0.001 of Net::Amazon::Signature::V3 - released October 29, 2012 as part of Net-Amazon-Signature-V3.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    # somewhere inside the depths of your code...
    my $signer = Net::Amazon::Signature::V3->new(id => $id, key => $key);
    my $req = HTTP::Request->new('GET', $uri, [ $signer->signed_headers ]);

    # profit!

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Amazon requires authentication when interfacing with its web services; this
package implements V3 of Amazon's authentication schemes.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 signed_headers

Returns a list of several key-value pairs suitable for including directly as
headers.  These headers will authenticate the request to Amazon.

Note that these headers are only good when used within 5 minutes of the time
that Amazon thinks it is.

This routine is largely based off code extracted from
L<Net::Amazon::Route53/request>.

=head1 SEE ALSO

Please see those modules/websites for more information related to this module.

=over 4

=item *

L<L<Net::Amazon::Route53> -- signed_headers() is largely based off of the code|L<Net::Amazon::Route53> -- signed_headers() is largely based off of the code>

=item *

L<inside L<Net::Amazon::Route53/request>.|inside L<Net::Amazon::Route53/request>.>

=back

=head1 SOURCE

The development version is on github at L<http://github.com/RsrchBoy/net-amazon-signature-v3>
and may be cloned from L<git://github.com/RsrchBoy/net-amazon-signature-v3.git>

=head1 BUGS

Please report any bugs or feature requests on the bugtracker website
https://github.com/RsrchBoy/net-amazon-signature-v3/issues

When submitting a bug or request, please include a test-file or a
patch to an existing test-file that illustrates the bug or desired
feature.

=head1 AUTHOR

Chris Weyl <cweyl@alumni.drew.edu>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is Copyright (c) 2012 by Chris Weyl.

This is free software, licensed under:

  The GNU Lesser General Public License, Version 2.1, February 1999

